README.md, before:

## 1. Project Details

This is a SAIT SD CPRG306-B assignment folder by [Louielyn Mata](https://github.com/louielynmata)

### 2. Description

Assignment details will all be here.

## 3. Getting Started

Installation Instructions

These instructions are from the default next.js README.md.

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## 4. Usage

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## 5. Credits

Thank you very much to our instructor, [Ashlyn Knox](https://github.com/ashx3s) for graciously guiding us through our WEBDEV2 classes.
And to my classmates who always nerds out with me.

## 6. License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Updated README with description, live server link, and usage instructions.

README.md, after:

## 1. Project Details

This is a SAIT SD CPRG306-B assignment folder by [Louielyn Mata](https://github.com/louielynmata)

### 2. Description

This repo is for my **CPRG 306 – WEBDEV2, Week 2 Assignment**. It’s the starting point for all future assignments, built with a Next.js app named `cprg306-assignments`.

In Week 2, I created a `week-2` page with a heading and a reusable `StudentInfo` component that shows my name and GitHub repo link. I also updated the root page to display the course title and a link to the Week 2 page. Everything follows the required folder structure and is pushed to a public GitHub repository.

Assignment details can be read here: [Week-2 Assignment](https://sd-web-2.vercel.app/week-2/assignment).

## 3. Getting Started

Installation Instructions

These instructions are from the default next.js README.md.

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result or visit the [Deployed Live Website (Vercel)](https://cprg306-assignments-louielynmata.vercel.app/).

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## 4. Usage

Our school work and assignments repo for WEBDEV2 classes - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## 5. Credits

Thank you very much to our instructor, [Ashlyn Knox](https://github.com/ashx3s) for graciously guiding us through our WEBDEV2 classes.
And to my classmates who always nerds out with me.

## 6. License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
